# qa_22_linked_data_api

Qa22LinkedDataApi - JavaScript client for qa_22_linked_data_api
No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.2
- Package version: 2.2
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install qa_22_linked_data_api --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your qa_22_linked_data_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('qa_22_linked_data_api')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var Qa22LinkedDataApi = require('qa_22_linked_data_api');

var api = new Qa22LinkedDataApi.AuthorityManagementApi()
api.gETListAuthorities().then(function() {
  console.log('API called successfully.');
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.AuthorityManagementApi* | [**gETListAuthorities**](docs/AuthorityManagementApi.md#gETListAuthorities) | **GET** /list/linked_data/authorities | List currently loaded linked data authorities
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.AuthorityManagementApi* | [**gETReloadAuthorities**](docs/AuthorityManagementApi.md#gETReloadAuthorities) | **GET** /reload/linked_data/authorities | Reload linked data authorities.  Using this command avoids having to restart the rails server.
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.FetchTermApi* | [**gETFetchByIDFromAuthority**](docs/FetchTermApi.md#gETFetchByIDFromAuthority) | **GET** /show/linked_data/{vocab}/{id} | Get a single term from an authority.  Generally there are no additional parameters.  See the authority&#39;s configuration file to be sure.  Some authorities support &#x60;lang&#x60; which can be used to filter the language of returned strings.
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.FetchTermApi* | [**gETFetchByIDFromSubauthority**](docs/FetchTermApi.md#gETFetchByIDFromSubauthority) | **GET** /show/linked_data/{vocab}/{subauthority}/{id} | Get a single term from a subauthority in an authority.  Generally there are no additional parameters.  See the authority&#39;s configuration file to be sure.  Some authorities support &#x60;lang&#x60; which can be used to filter the language of returned strings.
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.FetchTermApi* | [**gETFetchURIFromAuthority**](docs/FetchTermApi.md#gETFetchURIFromAuthority) | **GET** /fetch/linked_data/{vocab} | Get a single term from an authority given the term&#39;s URI.  Generally there are no additional parameters.  See the authority&#39;s configuration file to be sure.  Some authorities support &#x60;lang&#x60; which can be used to filter the language of returned strings.
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.FetchTermApi* | [**oPTIONSFetchFromAuthority**](docs/FetchTermApi.md#oPTIONSFetchFromAuthority) | **OPTIONS** /show/linked_data/{vocab}/{id} | CORS preflight request
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.FetchTermApi* | [**oPTIONSFetchFromAuthority_0**](docs/FetchTermApi.md#oPTIONSFetchFromAuthority_0) | **OPTIONS** /fetch/linked_data/{vocab} | CORS preflight request
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.FetchTermApi* | [**oPTIONSFetchFromSubauthority**](docs/FetchTermApi.md#oPTIONSFetchFromSubauthority) | **OPTIONS** /show/linked_data/{vocab}/{subauthority}/{id} | CORS preflight request
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.SearchQueryApi* | [**gETSearchAuthority**](docs/SearchQueryApi.md#gETSearchAuthority) | **GET** /search/linked_data/{vocab} | Send a query string to an authority and return search results.  Parameters are typical examples.  Actual parameters are driven by the authority&#39;s config file.
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.SearchQueryApi* | [**gETSearchSubauthority**](docs/SearchQueryApi.md#gETSearchSubauthority) | **GET** /search/linked_data/{vocab}/{subauthority} | Send a query string to a subauthority in an authority and return search results.
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.SearchQueryApi* | [**oPTIONSSearchAuthority**](docs/SearchQueryApi.md#oPTIONSSearchAuthority) | **OPTIONS** /search/linked_data/{vocab} | CORS preflight request
*Qa22LinkedDataApi.SearchQueryApi* | [**oPTIONSSearchSubauthority**](docs/SearchQueryApi.md#oPTIONSSearchSubauthority) | **OPTIONS** /search/linked_data/{vocab}/{subauthority} | CORS preflight request


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

